Add documentation for Magellan AI (Actions) Destination (#6439)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/magellan-ai/index.md

---
title: Magellan AI (Actions) Destination
id: 661eca176680eee35d82c955
beta: true
hidden: true
---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

[Magellan AI](https://www.magellan.ai/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="_blank”} is the all-in-one platform for audio advertising intelligence, media planning, and measurement.

This destination is maintained by Magellan AI. For any issues with the destination, [contact their Measurement team](mailto:measurement@magellan.ai).

## Getting started

> 1. From your workspace's [Destination catalog page](https://app.segment.com/goto-my-workspace/destinations/catalog){:target="_blank”} search for "Magellan AI"
> 2. Select "Magellan AI" and click **Add Destination**
> 3. Select an existing Source to connect to Magellan AI (Actions)
> 4. Enter the campaign's **pixel token**, either from the [Magellan AI pixel management dashboard](https://app.magellan.ai/navigator/measurement/pixels){:target="_blank"} or provided by your Magellan AI measurement account representative, in the destination settings in Segment
> 5. Configure which actions you want to send to Magellan AI

Reviewer: hey quick question - is "measurement" *not* capitalized like it is here, or is it capitalized like it is on line 12?

```suggestion
1. From your Segment workspace's [Destination catalog page](https://app.segment.com/goto-my-workspace/destinations/catalog){:target="_blank”} search for "Magellan AI".
2. Select "Magellan AI" and click **Add Destination**.
3. Select an existing Source to connect to Magellan AI (Actions), give your destination a name and click **Create destination**. 
4. Enter the campaign's **pixel token** in the destination settings in Segment. You can obtain this token either from the [Magellan AI pixel management dashboard](https://app.magellan.ai/navigator/measurement/pixels){:target="_blank"} or provided by your Magellan AI Measurement account representative. 
5. Configure which actions you want to send to Magellan AI.
```

Author: I know this is literally your job, but the absolute glee I feel in someone *caring* about questions like that is so refreshing.  Boss man says big M.  Thank you!

> Optionally, if you need Magellan AI to process GDPR deletion requests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional) If you need Magellan AI to process GDPR deletion requests:
```

> 1. Contact your Magellan AI measurement account representative to enable API access for your account
> 2. Go to the [Magellan AI API access token page](https://app.magellan.ai/api_access_tokens){:target="_blank"}, and generate a new API token if necessary
> 3. Find and copy the new **API token**
> 4. Enter the **API token** in the destination settings in Segment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Contact your Magellan AI measurement account representative to enable API access for your account.
2. Go to the [Magellan AI API access token page](https://app.magellan.ai/api_access_tokens){:target="_blank"} and generate a new API token.
3. Find and copy the new **API token**.
4. Enter the **API token** in the destination settings for your Magellan AI (Actions) destination.
```

{% include components/actions-fields.html %}

## Limitations

* Magellan AI only supports Segment's Replay feature for mobile events.

> [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Lead

> Magellan AI's `Lead` action is semantically closest to Segment's B2B SaaS `Signed Up` event and uses it as the default Trigger. However, Magellan AI's API spec considers `Lead` an e-commerce event, requiring a value and a currency. You may:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magellan AI's `Lead` action is semantically closest to Segment's [B2B SaaS `Signed Up` event](/docs/connections/spec/b2b-saas/#signed-up) and uses it as the default Trigger. However, Magellan AI's API spec considers `Lead` an e-commerce event, requiring a value and a currency. You may:
```

* Configure your sources sending `Signed Up` events to include the additional e-commerce-style fields

> * Consider mapping an alternative event to the `Lead` action, such as `Promotion Clicked` or `Product Added to Wishlist`, depending on your use case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Consider mapping an alternative event to the `Lead` action, like `Promotion Clicked` or `Product Added to Wishlist`, depending on your use case
```

* Map `Signed Up` events to the `Lead` action, providing dummy values in the mapping like `0` for the value and `USD` for the currency

### Install, Third-Party Event

> Magellan AI's API spec requires a user agent, but Segment's iOS library does not provide user agent information in the event context. In order to use this action with the Segment's iOS library, you may provide either a static user agent string or a placeholder value in the mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magellan AI's API spec requires a user agent, but Segment's [Analytics-Swift](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/apple/) library does not provide user agent information in the event context. In order to use this action with Segment's Swift library, you can provide either a static user agent string or a placeholder value in the mapping.
```

> ]: #

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
